---
Layout: post
title: What's your Ask
category: blog
keywords: blog writing author shikhashikz writing writinglife writingcommunity dailyblogpost dailyblogpostchallenge marketing abm
image: assets/images/Ask.jpg

---
Are you Fearless in Asking? Every week is becoming interesting with Powerful and intriguing ASKS from Casey Graham.

❓This week he has asked: What are 5 words we always want people to say about us when we are gone? 

💥 For me, the feelings which comes to my mind are: 

Motivator, Generous, Helpful, Creative, Go-getter

💱 LinkedIn Conversations: I was thinking about the conversation explosion and the way we now have the powerful medium to express, participate and learn from all these conversations. The Power of LinkedIn is going beyond leaps and bounds provided you know how to gain advantage of it! How are you learning from all the conversations circulating around? Personally I prefer two social mediums, LinkedIn and Instagram. But the content source for these two mediums is my website. That will never go away!

Thought for the week ❤️
💓No matter how big your circle is, what kind of influence you generate, if the foundation of your family is not strong, you are a poor person. And when I say family, I mean, your partner and kids. The relationship which you have with them, how you are building up on that is the only bank balance which accrues over time and from where you can withdraw any time, does not matter how many times.

**Learning Time: [Podcast by Yaag](https://the-abm-conversations-podcast.simplecast.com/episodes/how-marketing-evolves-in-a-tech-startup-0ylzhDAT)**
Doesn't matter which space you are in, this is a brilliant conversation. My key takeaways:

*Reinforcing the belief in SEO*

*Startups need to “own their own story”*

*Share what you have learned across your social presence*

*Leverage guest posting*

*Own that you are working remotely. Don’t try to recreate what’s happening in the physical world*

***Key skillsets needed for VP-Marketing:***
💯Build a Team- processes in place, Who understands marketing and has hands on experience, Uncovers various different nuggets, Really enthused about marketing, How they are updating themselves, General smartness to de-construct business, What channels can contribute to business, Ability to engage a team and not being an individual contributor, Always hire A players: Because if you hire B players, they will soon start hiring C players!

Bang on quote from Karthik: ***State for startups is relative not absolute. Always think of scale in order of magnitude.***

WIP:: More thoughts coming this week on: Content with Intent in Mind.
